author:everywhereman2
Old seattle getaway This was Old World Excellence at it's best.THIS is the place to stay at when visiting the historical area of Seattle. Your right on the water front near the ferry's and great sea food restraunts,and still with'in walking distance for great blues and jazz music. The staff for this hotel are excellent,they make you feel right at home. The breakfast was great.We did'nt have to travel far to have a good cup of JOE and a light meal to start our adventurous day off into one of the most beautifull city's in america. This hotel is in an area that makes it easy to get to any place you want to go and still find your way back, I highly recomend this hotel for your next visit to seattle. 

author:KGBT
Wow, what charm! As a Travel Agent, I've stayed at quite a few hotel, but this is the only Historic hotel so far...  I loved it! Had to go back for a personal stay. The decor is beautiful, the lobby furniture fits the time period  is still comfy. The city view rooms are great - love the little balconies. Great breakfast, nice people, great location - The Seattle Underground Tours is a 1/2 block away. I've aready sent my folk there for a stay  have told others. 

author:Marilyn1949
Great location for sporting events We attend Seahawks and Mariners games and this hotel is within walking distance of both. It is 2 blocks from the Washington State Ferry terminal so we can walk across the ferry and walk directly to the hotel. The hotel staff is always friendly, rooms are very clean and the free breakfast is a real money saver. Much more variety than most and they just added a new waflfe station. Highly recommend this hotel.Marilyn J. 


author:MissViolet105
Pioneer Square BW Fine Choice We chose BW Pioneer Square in Seattle because it was the closest to the Amtrak station and we had a one night layover between trains. Turns out it was a fine choice for other reasons, too. It's a charming old building at the epicenter of old Seattle, as the name implies. My morning walk took me to Pioneer Square itself and to the Seattle city hall, both within three blocks. The docks and Puget Sound are a block away, and it's an easy walk to Pike Street Market. Rooms are big and nicely renovated. Ours had a balcony on the street with a lovely view of a full moon, though I know they can't always provide that. The staff was friendly and knowledgable, the free breakfast and free bowl of fruit welcome and good. Fine place.Mac Nelson/Joyce Haines 

author:fallriverma
Quality hotel at great price Very clean. Free breakfast with good selections. Staff friendly and most helpful. A grat stay! 


author:simmotours
comfortable, good value, convenient location The Pioneer Square is a pleasant smallish hotel in an interesting corner of Seattle. Comfortable rooms and bathroom, if oddly shaped and not very large, which were fine for a short stay. The breakfasts are limited but acceptable and the breakfast room is enlivened by the sight of fellow guests attempting to work out the waffle maker. Pleasant staff and reception, apparantly family run and up to the usual Best Western standards, clean and well appointed.Several restaurants nearby but we suggest avoiding the closest, al Boccalino, a rather pretentious but unexceptional Italian 3 or 4 doors away. Expensive for what you get; we were told very offhandedly that they had no Washington wines. We are an Italian restaurant! At $60 to $100 for bottles one would pay no more than 拢10 for in a UK off licence- forget it. 


author:SweetwaterMill
Warm hospitality on a rainy Seattle night We had just arrived in downtown Seattle after debarking from the Bremerton ferry during the evening rush hour. Negotiating traffic in the rain was somewhat nerve-racking, so when we entered the hotel lobby, we probably looked bedraggled. The desk clerk immediately assessed our mental state, giving us a warm welcome and attending to the details of checking us in efficient order. Our room was wonderful, combining modern amenities with Pioneer Square ambiance. We will definitely be coming back to the Pioneer Square Hotel! 


author:AuntSusie006
Pleasant stay This is an old hotel in the original part of Seattle. Therefore, rooms are a little small. However, this also makes the location a great one for history and ambience. Above all, though, was the great personnel in the hotel - at the desk, in the breakfast room, at the concierge station. Extremely pleasant and helpful with accommodations and recommendations. The hotel is also across the street from the water and down two blocks from the underground bus station. Very convenient; very nice. 


author:RoadDawg77
Regular Guest - happy to recommend this one! For almost 2 years - almost on a weekly basis work takes me to downtown Seattle and I always stay at the Best Western Pioneer Square. Only a few blocks from Safeco and Quest field, Pikes Place Market; a block to the water and 6 blocks to the international district for an incredible selection of authentic Asian restaurants. The hotel itself is a wonderfully restored Victorian with a great selection of rooms and budgets. Having stayed here close to a 100 nights in 2 years - always met with a friendly and helpful staff (this is a big deal to me), clean and comfortable rooms and a great continental breakfast in the morning - I am happy to recommend this hotel. Bring your walking shoes and enjoy a couple of vacation days right here in the middle of everything - you'll be glad you did. Last note: If you're looking for a hotel with a pool, jacuzzi, exercise facilities and family entertainment within the hotel - this is not the place for you. 

author:EastFallser
"Like Grandma's house with Victorian overtones" This small hotel is one we have been to several times now and it feels almost like home. It is more comfortable and familiar than up-to-date and trendy. A little like going to Grandma's house, with Victorian overtones, and the capacity to accommodate all your family and friends and be there for all your needs, including the warmth that goes with it.The breakfast that is available in the hotel is certainly adequate and right there when you need it. The location is great for doing a little roaming around in the historic and sports districts and the parking is very convenient and reasonably priced. I would certainly go again. 


author:lesnpat
Location is just one feature here We had four great days here recently - location is fantastic given that there is so much within walking distance (including stadia and railway station), and if it rains (which is does here) transit is free in a large zone of downtown. Front desk staff could not have been more helpful and have a sense of humour, the concierge knew the answers to the questions we had, and the room was quiet and clean and comfortable. We will return.... 


author:Traveler34NewJersey
wonderful restoration A restored hotel in the Pioneer Square section of Seattle, this little gem was delightful. Rooms are small, but clean and tasteful. The only thing better was the hotel staff! They were extremely helpful, professional and knowledgeable about the area. All their recommendations were on the mark!Would definitely return! 


author:madmatriarch
Love the feeling of coming home We have called this hotel home for 3-4 nights once a year for the past five years. The staff is wonderful, the rooms are clean, and the breakfast is great. No views but we stay on the go so much that who cares. You can walk to Safeco for ballgames, walk to Pike Market, the Art Museum, the library, three book stores, and you are right on the waterfront. I recommend it highly and look forward to more stays. 


author:BonJean
Great Hotel, Prime Location My husband and I spent 3 nights at the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel and it was great. The hotel is a very old one that has been completely remodeled and is just beautiful. The people who work there were very friendly and extremely helpful. The rooms were nice, large, clean and inviting. Every night the staff came by and offered more towels, turned down your bed and put candy on the pillows. The location, in Pioneer Square, was fantastic. You walk up half a block and catch a free bus to anywhere, walk down a block to the waterfront and catch the ferry to one of the islands. It was so easy to get around that we didn't bother to rent a car. We definitely enjoyed our stay and would stay there again and would recommend it to anyone. 


author:rjgacord
Great Experience My husband and I just returned from our first trip to Seattle and couldn't be more happy with our experience at this hotel. The location is perfect, walking distance to many areas of the city. Even though it is in the oldest part, many would call if one of the most colorful areas of Seattle, we loved it. The hotel has been completely renovated and you feel the history all around you from the decor to the architecture. Although you are very close to a main hiway running through the city, the noise level in our room was minimal and it was not a problem to us at all. You must remember this is a city not the burbs!! It is the only hotel in Pioneer Square and I can't wait to return someday. 


author:owt_u
Great hotel for a low price and fantastic location I stayed at the Best Western Pioneer Square for two nights last month, and was very impressed. It was close to Safeco field and the other attractions in the area as well as the best continental breakfast I've ever had at a hotel. Great selection and quality items to select from. Staff was friendly and helpful with directions and bus routes (one of the stops for the bus to/from Sea-Tac is only a few blocks away). Rooms were very clean and comfortable. I didn't get any discounts on the room, but it was still a great deal compared to what other hotels in downtown were charging. 


author:CraignRuth
Immaculate, vintage hotel with personable staff--worth the price This impeccably-restored, 1880's era hotel is clean and quiet and wonderfully located in a popular historic district near the waterfront. Our train was delayed and the night desk clerk cheerfully greeted us at 3 AM and even held the door for us. The breakfast, including hard-boiled eggs, various cereals and fresh batter with waffle-maker, was delicious. It is a bit pricey but we would stay there again in a heartbeat and recommend it highly. 


author:dw64
Noisey Hotel noisey. We complained  the front desk offered an upgrade for additional $50 a night. Room was suppose to be a queen, but was actually a full. We booked directly thru hotel, not priceline or hotels.com. Great location. Clean, but don't expect a good nights rest! 


author:BSNRN
great place to stay this hotel was a great place to stay. The rooms were very clean. and the staff very friendly and helpful. Its location is ideal to see seattle. The sports stadiums are a 10 walk or walking to Pikes market is a 15-20 walk or you can take the tram. I have stayed at this hotel several times and plan on staying there again. 


author:BettyNorregaard
Great Location Rooms were super clean with excellant mattress' and pillows. Quiet accomadations with a lovely shower/tub combination. The continental breakfast had an extremely large variety of options and everything was temperature correct. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling in the area. We stayed here because we were going on a cruise. This location was very close to all downtown Seattle sights and to the cruise line location. Parking garage was close by and well guarded. 


author:mykidsmother4
Perfectly at peace in Seattle at Pioneer Square We stayed 3 days, 2 nights in August. The location was perfect. The room was spacious. The front desk clerks were exceptionally helpful and kind. I would love to go back to Seattle just to stay here again.KayCalifornia 


author:USCGAnnapolis
Perfect after an Alaskan Cruise The perfect stop after an Alaskan cruise on NCL. Took all the hassle out of getting home. They had a computer for pre-boarding on SWA. We got into our room early and were able to enjoy Seattle on foot before our flight out the next day. 


author:atgmdog
Great Hotel The Rooms were on the large side , but unfortunately no view. It was a nice touch to have mints, apples and 2 bottles of water waiting in the room when we arrived, very nice touch. The breakfast room was to small and very crowded so we did not stay to have breakfast at the Hotel. Is centrally locacated and short walk to almost anywhere you want to be in downtown Seattle. 


author:KyGirl-Faye
Fabulous Hotel My husband and I just spent 6 nights in this hotel and loved every minute. The staff is friendly and efficient. We stayed for 4 nights, left to go to Victoria BC, then came back for 2 more nights. The hotel has old world charm. The room decor is very well done - down to the drapery, carpet and nice artwork on the walls. The bathrooms are modern and nicely sized. The beds were very comfortable. The rooms and bathrooms were spotless. The linens were fresh and spotless as well. The fresh fruit and free bottled water was a nice touch and very much appreciated. The breakfast room was clean and always stocked with the daily offerings. The coffee was good and the waffles were addicting. Even the elevator was fast and roomy. You don't realize how much you appreciate that until you go to another hotel where the elevators are sloooooow and tiny (as they were in our Victoria BC hotel). The Pioneer Square area is lively and exciting with lots of little shops and restaurants. We walked around the area at night and didn't feel unsafe. Other people mentioned street people as problematic. This is a fact of life in any large city, but none of the street people were aggressive or abusive. Just a block away, they offer a tour of Seattle Underground which was interesting. Pizza at Mario's was delicious. Dinner at Elliott's Oyster House at Pier 56 was wonderful. We found Seattle to be a great city with friendly people who are helpful and polite to tourists. We hope to visit again some day and when we do, we will again stay at the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel. 